you want us to wall center the
courthouse dressed up like cops you got
to be crazy get down
I swear you i sway lies i'm gonna ask i
need it o son of a bitches you're all
right cartagena hong kong amsterdam row
and then it is shipped to the United
States now we can break the circuit then
we can clear up your country to the
people we're dealing with a not only
organized they're probably intelligent
enough to come up with a better cover
than the shack
who do you work for and who we bringing
the stuff to follow i work from 83
keyless these are one that got the
airport this games be if I can you want
to trade any stuff you're gonna need my
okay you understand you understand
newcomers bus stop
you open that bag please don't send me
here to make a deal at the play at
target practice